demo: URI resolver (#29)
Pylons/zodburi: docs/index.rst

-----------

The URI schemes currently recognized in the ``zodbconn.uri`` setting
are ``file://``, ``zeo://``, ``zconfig://``, ``memory://`` and ``demo:``

> .  Documentation for these URI scheme syntaxes are below.

Author: @stevepiercy, yes, sure - I've reworked the patch put the dot at the end-of-line.

   memory://storagename?connection_cache_size=100&database_name=fleeb

``demo:`` URI scheme
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

The ``demo:`` URI scheme can be passed as ``zodbconn.uri`` to create a
DemoStorage database factory. DemoStorage provides an overlay combining base

> and δ storages. The URI scheme contains two parts - base and δ::

Reviewer: What is `δ`? Would you please spell this out and define its first occurrence? It's fine to refer to it as the symbol only after its definition.

Author: ok, I've rewored this text to be

```
DemoStorage provides an overlay combining base
and changes storages. The URI scheme contains two parts - base and δ for changes::
```

Reviewer: Sorry, I wasn't clear. I do not know what is this symbol: `δ`. What does it mean?

For example, `®` means "registered trademark".

Author: I see now. δ is just a greek letter "delta" usually referring to some changes in math, physics etc. Is it ok this way? Or should we change and just spell everything as "changes" literally?

Reviewer: Ah, OK, I used to write it in upper case `Δ`, or sloppier as a lower case `d` without the flag. I think to make it clear, we can define the symbol once upon its first use, and use only the symbol thereafter. I'll make a separate suggestion.

Author: ( thanks, commented [there](https://github.com/Pylons/zodburi/pull/29#discussion_r594148029) )

> and changes storages. The URI scheme contains two parts - base and δ for changes::

Reviewer: Per [discussion](https://github.com/Pylons/zodburi/pull/29#discussion_r593978001).

```suggestion
and δ ("delta", or in other words, "changes") storage.
The URI scheme contains two parts, base and δ::
```

Author: Thanks @stevepiercy. I've reworked the text according to your suggestion with the minor difference that at the end it is storage**s** because we are talking about both base and δ:

```
The ``demo:`` URI scheme can be passed as ``zodbconn.uri`` to create a
DemoStorage database factory. DemoStorage provides an overlay combining base
and δ ("delta", or in other words, "changes") storages.
The URI scheme contains two parts, base and δ::

    demo:(base_uri)/(δ_uri)
```

Hope it is ok.

Reviewer: Yes, this is good. Thank you!

Author: Thanks.
